Hello Su Shao
Humble didn't mean to hang you, don't worry.
I will be by his side to help you say good things to persuade him.
Don't be angry.
Humph
This Li Ruolan is not a good person either
greed for vanity
ungrateful
Since you already have someone you like, I won't force you
Come and annul our engagement, not feed
i
This is the original match of Master Su in the original book
Insane Muse
later stage
It is often used by Master Su as a tool to vent his grant
When Master Su went bankrupt
This infatuated girl tried to save him
Willing to dedicate myself to the male protagonist Ye Chen
The problem is that he doesn't cherish this Young Master Su either.
In the end, Master Su became addicted to drugs
Lost him to Big Gold Fang
Tragically killed by Ling Yong
This Young Master Su is too fucking human
But it's okay.
Since I have now become him
Never let this happen
But how do you open this?
Zhu Yide
There is only me in my humble heart
I advise you not to stalk him
Don't threaten him with the power of your Su family
Otherwise I'll be rude to you.
Oh hahahaha
Nice
What did you just say, Mu Qianqian?
Oh, dear.
That green tea, if you like it, you can take it.
I don't care.
Also, today is because this young master is in a good mood
Don't care about you
If you dare to threaten me again in the future
You are dead.
Wait and see, I'll be at Qin Mengyao's birthday banquet
Become famous with my art
You kneel down and call Daddy